Rewrite plugin using http client mixin (#28)
dynatrace-oss/logstash-output-dynatrace: README.md

Setting `ssl_verify_none` to `true` causes the output plugin to skip certificate verification when sending log ingest requests to SSL and TLS protected HTTPS endpoints.
This option may be required if you are using a self-signed certificate, an expired certificate, or a certificate which was generated for a different domain than the one in use.

> ### `codec` 

Author: We never used this option. Not sure why it was documented in the first place. I think it maybe came from the output plugin template.

Setting `ssl_verify_none` to `true` causes the output plugin to skip certificate verification when sending log ingest requests to SSL and TLS protected HTTPS endpoints.
This option may be required if you are using a self-signed certificate, an expired certificate, or a certificate which was generated for a different domain than the one in use.

> > NOTE: Starting in version `0.4.0` this option has no effect in versions of logstash older than `8.1.0`.
> > If this functionality is required it is recommended to update logstash or downgrade to version `0.3.2` of this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Starting in plugin version `0.5.0`, this option has no effect in versions of Logstash older than `8.1.0`.
> If this functionality is required, it is recommended to update Logstash or stay at plugin version `0.4.x` or older.
```
